Now, what we currently have is fine.
But most of the time when you need a list,
you'll probably have the items in an array somewhere.
Instead of writing out child elements one by one,
React lets us provide an array of elements to use as children.
This makes it easier to work with existing arrays of data.
So, let's say we have an array here of
people that we want to dynamically generate these list items from this array.
We could just map over the people array.
And for each person,
we will generate a list item.
And instead of hard-coding the name here,
we will just use person.name.
And we'll get the same result.
The thing I like about using JavaScript to generate
these elements is that I didn't need any special syntax to map over the array.
Instead, I just used array.map.
So, I didn't need a templating language to give me
some repeat or mapping or each syntax to loop over the array.
I can use JavaScript which I already know.
Another thing that's interesting here is that this person object was already in scope.
So, I didn't need a templating language to give me that concept of scope.
I just use the person object in the JavaScript function scope.
There's nothing new to learn here.
Now one thing to note,
when you're using an array as children is that
React is going to complain if you don't give it a key.
So, if we look at the console here in the browser, you'll see a warning.
Each child in an array or iterator should have a unique "key" prop.
Check the top-level render call using ol.
What does that mean?
Well, remember, when we added the class name to the div,
this second argument here,
these are the props here to our component.
So, let's give this item a unique key prop.
Something that is unique about each of these objects.
In this case, the name would work because that's unique for each of the objects.
So, you'll notice here that the warning goes away.
Now, we're not going to go too deep into the key prop in this lesson.
But know that if you are mapping over an array with
React and you're creating elements for each item in that array,
each element needs its own unique key prop